alright here's just one more my new deck
I just wanted a new system set up the FI
is temporarily on hold I got me an HCC a
Orion ten inch and a little upgrade in
the trunk I ended up doubling up on my
planet audios and built a little display
case so to be be 2400 planet audio and
they do about 2,000 watts each so
putting about 4000 watts into that
little 10 let's see what it sounds like
when I turn the a cheeky
got a little louder
definitely better than she was before
me
Oh
that's 110 I got his DVD at CD wizard
this past Saturday ended up hitting to
139 5 and because of that I won first
place in a single 10 class and won
myself a brand new Kenwood deck so
that's the brand new deck that I just
wanted CD wizard and big shout out to
the guys at CD wizard for helping me
tune my blocks and such